Here is the extracted text from the image:

INTERNAL
Information not about an individual, intended for business purpose and requires a moderate level of protection. Compromising the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of this information could have a limited impact on Citi’s operations, financial status or franchise.

INTERNAL PII
Internal Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is personal information about an individual maintained by Citi that does not otherwise meet the threshold for Sensitive PII or Confidential PII. Compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of this information could have a limited impact on the individual or Citi, including, but not limited to, fraud, distress or reputational damage.

CONFIDENTIAL
Information about Citi businesses and/or related parties that does not reference individuals and requires a high level of protection. Compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of this information could have a serious impact on Citi’s operations, financial status, franchise or clients.

CONFIDENTIAL PII
Confidential Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is personal information about an individual that has the potential to facilitate unlawful activity such as identity theft, credit fraud, or other financial fraud against said individual. Compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of this information could have a serious impact on the individual including, but not limited to, financial loss, fraud or identity theft.

SENSITIVE PII
Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information is information that is called out by specific law as needing additional protection, that could potentially be used to unlawfully discriminate against, or otherwise cause unfairness or harm to an individual. Compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of this information could have a serious impact on the individual including, but not limited to, financial loss, fraud, identity theft, personal embarrassment or distress.

RESTRICTED
Information limited in use by specific people or group that is most sensitive for Citi or its affiliates and requires the highest level of protection. Compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of this information could have a severe impact on Citi’s operations, financial status, franchise or clients.

Let me know if you need further assistance!
